What are some things that you should not not say during a job interview?
Do attractive people have easier lives?
What long term goals have you made for yourself?
Is it better to be told comforting lies or unpleasant truths?
What are some of the best books that you have read?
Is it better to dream big and not live up to expectations or have low expectations and exceed them?
What motivates you?
If you could give one piece of advice to the whole world, what would it be?
If money were not an issue, what would you be doing with your life?
What do you worry about the most?
What do you consider your greatest achievement?
If you could live in any time period, in any culture, which period would you choose?
What was the best part of your week?
Do you have any brothers or sisters?
Names?
Older or younger?
Do you have any pets?
What are their names?
Who takes care of them?
Where does your mom/dad work?
What do they do?
What is your favorite food?
What do you want to be when you grow up?
What do you spend your allowance/money on?
If you could have any super power, what would it be?
Where do you go to school?
Do you like school?
What grade are you in?
What's your favorite part of school?
What do you like least about school?
What is your best subject?
What do you do after you get home from school?
What is your favorite thing to do on weekends?
Do you play any sports?
What is your favorite TV show?
What is your favorite movie?
What is your favorite book?
Who is your best friend?
At what age would you consider someone to be old?
If you were given three wishes, what would you wish for?
What is a team?
What factors makes a team successful?
Why do teams fail?
What can you accomplish together as a team that you can't accomplish alone?
What makes a good leader?
What makes a good follower?
What are some common causes of conflict within a team and what are the best ways to resolve them?
Is it true that your team is only as strong as your weakest member?
What should you do if you disagree with an idea?
What is the best way to select the leader of a team?
Are teams better when everyone agrees?
What are some of your weaknesses as a team/individual?
What are some of your strengths as a team/individual?
Is there such a thing as a leaderless team?
What is the best way to handle a "weak" member in your team?
What motivates you to succeed as an individual and a team?
What should be done to increase the quality level of education?
Are private schools better than public schools?
Do you think a formal education is necessary to be successful today?
How important are you grades to you?
Do you enjoy going to school?
What was your favorite subject? Why?
What was your least favorite subject? Why?
Who was your most memorable teacher?
What are the best teaching methods?
What makes a good teacher good?
What type of person makes the best student?
Do you procrastinate on your school work? Why?
What are the benefits and drawbacks of having school uniforms?
Do you think teachers deserve to be paid more?
What are the positives and negatives of being home schooled?
What is the best way to motivate a student to learn?
How important is homework to getting a good education?
What is the most important subject?
What is the least important subject?
How well do grades measure how much a student has actually learned?
What are the benefits/drawbacks to online classes?
How important do you think getting a college degree is?
What did you study in college?
How is college different than high school?
How important is it to go to a college with a well known name?
Does college prepare you for "real life"?
Are you closer to your family or friends?
How important is your family to you?
Is it better to be a single child or to have lots of siblings?
How well do you get along with your family members?
Who is your favorite member of your family?
How similar are you to your parents?
Who is the weirdest member of your family?
How big of a family do you have?
How often do you get together with your family?
What was growing up in your family like?
What is the most important lesson that you have learned from your parents?
What is your favorite meal of the day?
Do you prefer to eat at a restaurants or have a home cooked meal?
Do you think about where your food comes from?
What is your favorite type of food?
What do you usually drink with your meals?
Do you watch what you eat?
What is your usual tipping practice at a restaurant?
Do you like to cook?
How often do you eat?
How long do you usually take to eat?
Where is your favorite place to eat?
What do you normally eat for breakfast?
Do you pay attention to the nutritional value of things you eat?
How big of a role does money play in determining one's happiness?
Are you a saver or a spender?
How much money does the average person need to to retire?
Can money buy happiness?
Are you saving up for anything?
What do you spend your money on?
If you won a million dollars, what would you do with it?
How many credit cards do you have?
Do you invest your money?
Do you believe in playing the lottery?
Would you ever lend a significant amount of money to a friend?
What is the most valuable thing that you own?
Do you believe that the best things in life are free?
Is there such a thing as having too much money?
Does having a lot of money change people?
Do you think taxes should be higher?
What is your biggest monthly expense?
Are the poor more generous than the rich?
Do you ever buy things that you don't really need because it's cheap?
What do you like to do in your free time?
Do you have any hobbies?
What do you usually do on weekends?
How often do you exercise?
What motivates you to exercise?
What does your exercise routine consist of?
Do you prefer to stay in or go out and watch a movie?
Who is your favorite actor/actress?
What is the worst movie that you ever saw?
Do you read reviews about a movie before deciding whether to watch it or not?
What was the last movie that you saw?
What is your favorite movie?
What is the most number of times have you watched the same movie?
How often do you read?
What genre of books do you like to read?
What are your favorite books?
Has reading a book ever changed your life?
Do you have a favorite author?
Do you play or watch any sports?
How often do you play your sport?
If you had the ability, would you have become a professional athlete?
What is your favorite sports team?
What TV shows are you currently following?
What is your favorite TV series of all time?
How many hours a week do you spend watching TV?
Do you multi-task while watching TV?
Do you play any video games?
How many hours a week do you spend playing video games?
What games do you like to play?
Is it better to work at a job that you love or a job that pays well?
Tell me how a typical day at work is like for you.
Do you like the work that you do?
What is your favorite thing about your job?
What do you like least about your job?
What are your coworkers like?
What is your dream job?
What is your boss like?
Where do you see yourself in 5 years?
If you were the owner of the business where you work, what would you do to improve it?
Which is better, being the boss or an employee?
What was your first job?
How did you get your current job?
When you were younger, what did you want to do when you grew up?
What are some things that you should not say at a funeral?
Tell me about an embarrassing moment.
Toilet seat up or toilet seat down?
Is it more acceptable to fart in front of strangers or people you know?
Do men have it better in life than women?
What would you do if you really had to use the bathroom at a restaurant, but all the toilets were out of order?
Give me some bad first date advice.
What is your worst habit?
What are some things that you should not say to a police officer?
Toilet paper over or under?
What is the worst gift you could give to a newly married couple?
What do you do when you have to pick your nose, but you're not at home?
What are your biggest pet peeves?
What is the longest that you've gone without showering/bathing?
What is the first thing you do when you wake up?
What is the last thing you do before you go to sleep?
Are you a giver or taker?
Describe yourself in one sentence.
What is one thing you would change about yourself and why?
What is your middle name?
What are you thinking about right now?
What is important for you in life, love or money?
What are your hobbies?
What’s the first thing you notice when meeting someone new?
Do you have any nicknames?
What movie title would you pick as your life story?
What’s one of your worst habits?
If your house was on fire, what's the one thing you'd want to take with you?
If money was no object, what would you be doing with your life
What would you like to change about the world?
What would a utopian society be to you?
If you had to give yourself a new name, what would it be?
If you knew you only had a day left to live, what would you do?
What did you want to be when you were a kid?
What's the best advice you received?
What's the worst advice you ever received?
What have you learned in this past week?
What was the last thing you thought about last night?
What is your earliest memory?
What was your childhood like?
How often are you late for work?
What was your worst job?
If all jobs paid the same, what job would you choose to do?
What is your favorite childhood memory?
What was your favorite childhood toy?
What was the most trouble you got in growing up?
What's in your fridge?
What is the weirdest thing about you?
What is your favorite day of the week and why?
What is your favorite song?
What is the craziest thing you've ever done?
What are three things you look for in a spouse?
If you could have any superpower, which one would you pick?
In a zombie apocalypse, what would your weapon of choice be?
Which TV show's world would you want to live?
If you were given your choice of three wishes, what would they be?
If you could trade places with anybody in the world, who would it be and why?
What was your most embarrassing moment?
What is the worst smelling item that you own?
Have you ever fallen asleep in public?
What is the least valuable possession that you own?
What is the longest that you've gone without doing laundry?
Which gender has it better?
What is something that you do, but when other people do the same thing, it annoys you?
What is the craziest thing you would do for money?
If you could choose an ugly sweater to wear, what would it look like?
If there was a booger in my nose, would you pick it for me?
Do I have any boogers in my nose?
Can you tell me your favorite bedtime story?
Do you think that fish get thirsty?
When and where was the last time and place you farted?
Can you say the alphabet backwards?
Can you make a really funny face for me?
If you could be any animal, which animal would you be?
How's your day going?
What was the best part of your week?
What was the worst part of your week?
What are you busy with these days?
What do you do for fun?
What do you do for work (What are you studying in school?)
Where did you grow up?
What do you consider to be your most valuable possession?
Have you read anything good recently?
Describe what a perfect day to you would be like.
What do you miss most about being a kid?
What is your favorite summer activity?
If your house was burning down and you could only save 3 items, what would you go and save?
If you knew you only had 24 hours left to live, what would you do?
If you could get away with any crime, what crime would you commit?
If you could only go to one restaurant for the rest of your life, which one would you pick?
If you were given an extra hour every single day, what would you do with the extra hour?
If you were at a friend's house and found a hair in the food that they prepared, what would you do?
If you could be any cartoon character, who would you be and why?
If you could change one thing about yourself, what would it be?
If you had to give up one of your five senses (taste, touch, sound, sight, or smell), which one would you give up?
If you were given $10,000, and you had to spend it in the next 24 hours, what would you spend it on?
If you were given a choice to stay where you are or live anywhere you want in the world, but you had to leave in the next 24 hours, would you stay or leave?
What was the happiest moment in your life?
What was the saddest moment in your life?
What quality about yourself do you value most?
What are you most proud about in your life?
What is your biggest concern about the future?
When was the last time you cried? What made you cry?
Who has been the most important person in your life? Why?
Who has been the most influential person in your life? What did you learn from him/her?
Where do you see yourself in 10 years?
What was your best memory of your childhood?
What was your worst memory of your childhood?
What are your hopes and dreams for the future?
What is the biggest lesson you've learned in life?
When have you felt most alone?
What are your religious/spiritual beliefs?
Do you think people can control their own destinies?
Tell me about your political views.
Do you think about dying? Are you afraid?
Do you think that people are born basically good or basically bad?
Do you think all people are equally valuable?
Tell me about your first serious relationship.
Do you believe in soul mates?
How is your relationship with your parents?
Who do you love in your life?
How was your day?
What was the best thing to happen to you this week?
What would you normally be doing if you weren't here right now?
Do you have any pet peeves?
Tell me about your best friend.
Where would you like to be five years from now?
What do you do for work?
Do you like to cook?
What's your family like?
What is your biggest goal in life right now?
What TV shows do you watch?
What was your favorite TV show growing up?
What was the last book you read?
What was the last movie you saw?
What is your favorite book of all time?
What is your favorite movie of all time?
What kind of music do you listen to?
What do you usually do on weekends?
What do you like to do for fun?
What do you like to do outside of school/work?
As a kid, what did you want to be when you grew up?
What were you like when you were a kid?
What's something that you'd like to try?
If you won a million dollars, what would you do?
If you could travel anywhere in the world, where would you travel to?
If you could change one thing about yourself, what would it be?
What is your favorite kind of food?
What's your favorite way to spend a rainy day?
What is the biggest mistake that people make on a first date?
Would you like to go out again next week?
Are you a spontaneous person?
Do you have any tattoos/piercings? Would you ever get any?
How many languages do you know?
What was the last book you read?
What is your favorite TV show?
What was the last movie you saw?
Who is your favorite actor?
What do you currently do for a living?
How long have you been working at your current job?
What did you like most about your work?
Where school do you go to?
What are you studying?
Where do you like to shop for clothes?
Do you ever go shopping without the intention of buying anything?
What do you carry in your purse?
If you could change anything about yourself, what would it be?
If you knew that today would be your last day of life, what would you do?
What area of life do girls have it better than guys?
Do you keep a journal?
Describe your perfect home to me.
What is the craziest thing you have done?
Do you like to dance?
What type of dancer are you? Have you ever taken any classes?
If you were in a man's body for a day, what would you do?
Are you a morning or night person?
Where was the last place you went on vacation?
Do you like kids?
Do you generally trust people, or do people need to earn your trust?
Who do you talk to when you have a problem?
What do you see doing with your life in 5 years?
Do you follow your heart or your head?
What is something you wish you were better at?
What time do you usually get up on a Saturday morning?
What guilty pleasure do you spend your money on?
What quality do you value most in a friend?
What do you do for work?
Do you like your work?
What do you like least about your work?
Where do you go to school?
What do you hope to do after you graduate?
What is your favorite class?
What is your favorite book?
What do you watch on TV?
What new movie would you like to see?
Who is your favorite actress?
Have you ever been in a physical fight?
Have you ever broken any bones?
What's the worst injury that you've sustained?
When you die, would you rather be buried or cremated?
What places have you traveled to?
What do you have in your wallet?
If you could choose your last meal, what would it be?
What area of life do guys have it better than girls?
Would you ever get a mohawk?
What type of humor do you like best?
Describe your ideal vacation.
Do you play/watch any sports?
Who is your favorite comic book character?
If you were in a woman's body for a day, what would you do?
What was your favorite age in life?
What accomplishment are you most proud of in your life so far?
What were you like as a kid?
What is your dream car?
What is the ideal number of people to have over on a Saturday night?
What is something new you learned today?
Do you have any pets?
What's your favorite way to spend a Saturday?
What's the best advice you ever received?
What would a perfect day be for you?
Do you have any hidden talents?
What makes you smile?
Do you prefer a quiet night at home or going out to a big party?
What is the biggest priority in your life right now?
Are you an indoor or outdoor person?
Is there anything that your parents be surprised to learn about you?
What things are you passionate about?
If I asked you to cook dinner for me, what would you make?
What do you wear to sleep?
When we first met, what did you think of me?
What are some things on your bucket list?
Have you ever been in love?
What characteristics do you look for in a potential boyfriend/girlfriend?
Do you believe in soul mates?
Do you believe in love at first sight?
Have you ever been in love before?
Who do you think should make the first move, the guy or the girl?
Describe your perfect first date.
Tell me a little about yourself.
What are your stengths?
What is your biggest weaknesses?
Are you willing to travel?
Are you willing to relocate?
What are your short/long term goals?
What separates you from the other candidates?
Why should I hire you?
How would other people describe you?
What is one thing about yourself that you would like to change?
Do you consider yourself a detail-oriented person or a big-picture person?
Tell me about a failure and success in your life and why you think it happened.
Which areas would your last boss say you need improvement?
What accomplishment you are most proud of?
Do you prefer working by yourself or as a part of a team?
What do you want to improve about yourself in the next year?
Describe your worst/best boss.
What are your career goals?
What did you like and dislike about your last boss?
What were the strengths and weaknesses of your last boss?
Tell me about your greatest professional accomplishment.
What would you like to be doing in five years?
What career rewards are the most important to you?
Tell me what you know about our company.
Why did you apply for this position?
What is your ideal working environment?
Why do you want to work with our company?
What makes you a good fit for this position?
Tell me about your last job.
Why [did you/do you want to] leave your [last/current] job?
Do you have any questions for me?
What type of work environment do you prefer?
What was your biggest accomplishment in your last job?
How much do you expect for the salary?
What was your previous salary?
Can you give me an example of a time that you you went above and beyond to get the job done?
How do you keep organized?
Tell me about a time when you disagreed with your boss and if you did anything about it.
Describe a time when you couldn't meet a deadline and what you did.
Tell me about a time when you were under considerable pressure to meet multiple assignments and what you did.
Have you ever been on a team where someone was not doing what they were supposed to? How did you handle it?
What was a major obstacle that you overcame during the past year?
Tell me about a time where you had conflict and how you handled it.
If you could have a do-over for your last job, what would you have done differently?
Tell me a time when you had a dispute with a co-worker and how you handled it.
Give me an example of a time you made a mistake and tell me how you handled it.
Did you ever have an assignment that was too difficult for you, if so, how did you resolve the situation?
Give me an example of an idea that you had and how you implemented it.
